[Music]
welcome back ladies and gentlemen to
another video on the Teletubby ROM and
today we're going to be reviewing the
Astro a-50 wireless headset before I get
into anything I want to note that I am
not sponsored by them in any way and
then I paid for the headset with my own
money so this is going to be a
guaranteed honest review also don't
forget to Like comment and subscribe as
it helps the channel grow and lets me
know that you guys are enjoying the
videos why did I buy the headset well I
wanted to buy a good up-to-date quality
headset that I could use mainly on my
desk to edit videos play competitively
and listen to music and the fifties have
delivered just that I have had some
issues with the headset to wear one time
it wouldn't respond like all the buttons
were like dead and it was an easy fix
all I had to do was hold the surround
sound button as well as the ingame voice
button and for 15 seconds and I had to
reset and we synced and everything was
good another problem that I had with it
was that it would not like the mic
wouldn't work I don't know why but I
also did the same thing and then it
reset and I think this is mainly just
like their software and how the headset
is like brand new so they're still
figuring it out but recently I haven't
had any issues with it at all and I
think it's like one of the best headsets
I've ever had the headset is super
lightweight and is either matte black
with hints of blue or matte grey with
green accents depending on the console
you choose it's by far the most
comfortable a headset I've ever owned
and it has mod kit options so you can
switch out ear cups and had been for the
leather ones although I personally love
the cloth padded ones it comes with
something cool about this is if you work
glasses you can wear the headset with
glasses and it won't cause any strain
which is something that I absolutely
hate about other headsets the headset
itself has nine buttons on the right
side it has the game invoice buttons as
well as a power switch the 7.1 surround
sound on and off button and a switch
allowing you to choose between three
different presets and last but not least
the volume rocker on the left side is
the flip up mute microphone what this
does is simple if the mic is down it is
unmuted but if it's up it's
automatically muted which i think is
really cool the base station also varies
in colors depending on the console you
choose in the front it has six LED
indicators the first four stripes
indicate the battery life one means it's
at 25% 2 means 50 3 means 75 and 4
100 next to that is the surround sound
indicator that when it is late it means
it's on when it is off obviously it's
off next to that is the bolt and what
this indicates is whether you are on
console mode or on PC mode if it's on PC
mode it's white if it's on console it's
red and on the back of the base station
there is an optical in an optical out a
auxilary in and a microUSB in to charge
to the base station on the right side of
the base station there's a switch that
is used to switch between PC and console
and the next set has the USB port that
is used for charging which is pretty
neat I would recommend this to any
serious gamer out there or even just
someone that enjoys being completely
immersed into what they are doing
whether it be playing games listening to
music or watching a movie another thing
that comes with the headset is the Astra
command center where you can fully
customize your headset you can change
the presets to your liking and even
change the microphone levels I think
that Astra did a fantastic job and I am
a very happy customer overall the Hat
sutton's software is super easy to use
and it's very easy friendly and you can
multi-task to the max for example I can
listen to my ps4 or my PC and my phone
all at the same time which is just
convenient the battery is also fantastic
it lasts 15 hours minimum and I have
tested this let me say they aren't
learning about those specs as far as
sound goes I have never felt so
overpowered in a game by being able to
know exactly where the enemies are
coming from and so immersed in a song or
a movie especially with the custom
presets I have the microphone is really
good - hey guys and this is a test on
the Astra 850 wireless headset once
again hello guys and this is a test on
the asteroid 50 wireless headset so it's
pretty obvious by now that I'm in love
with the Astro 50s and I recommend it to
anybody willing to drop 300 on a headset
trust me it will be worth it if you have
any questions drop them down below in
the comments section I'll be sure to get
back to you guys also don't forget to
like and share the video and subscribe
to the channel thank you and have a good
day peace out guys